recently
It hurts you.
You go out to play
I don't want you to hit me alone
Sister, do you want to throw me away again?
But this time I won't go
I will always stay by your side to accompany you to the end
Don't talk
Why can't you get rid of the shit that was just about to die?
Are you waiting in your heart to see my joke?
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to get mad at you
Don't take it to heart
Sister, I know.
At this moment, you especially want to find someone to talk to
It doesn't matter.
If you want to hit, don't scold.
Just don't fight
You will never leave
I don't believe it.
Do you believe it or not?
Miss you
Such a handsome boy
How can it be a little white face who eats soft rice?
Sister, I saw you were tired yesterday.
I made you some porridge myself
Why don't you try it?
You don't have to cook.
I asked my aunt to cook
Would it be my pleasure to cook for my sister once?
The same is true for you after payment, right?